3.3 文档更新：音频和事件接口 (#1703)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/audio-system/audiosource.md

|**PlayOnAwake**         | Whether to play audio automatically after the component is activated    |
|**Volume**              | Audio volume, ranging from 0 to 1                                  |

## Register AudioSource Event Callback

> Since v3.3.0, we supported registering event callback on AudioSource component, with the following usage examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cocos Creator supports registering event callbacks on AudioSource components, with the following usage examples:
```
